I've got this flowery stamping tutorial
for you it uses a cone ad or fake konad
image plate m65 as well as a dotting
tool so if you want to know how to do
this design then keep watching I've
already applied a base coat and allowed
that to dry I'm going to apply my base
color which is this metallic blue it's
called blue Rhapsody by se allow your
base color to completely dry before we
move on to the stamping grab your
stamping plate we're going to be using
this flower design right here I'm going
to be using a red konad polish as well
as a plastic scraper and just the
standard Stamper
apply your red cone add special polish
over the plate and scrape it off with
your scraper
pick it up and apply it onto your nail
if you guys are new to stamping you can
check out the information box below the
video where I'll have links to a lot of
tips and tricks and reviews of different
brands of image plates as well it's very
likely that you're going to have a
little excess nail polish on your nail
so just clean that off using a brush or
a q-tip that's been dipped in some nail
polish remover I'm going to finish off
the design by adding some white dots
around the flowers and in the empty
spaces of the stamp in order to get the
dots to be nice and fine it's really all
about control of how hard you push the
spotter onto your nail so do as many
dots as you like
once your design has had enough time to
completely dry apply a layer of topcoat
to seal everything in and that's the
final design I hope you guys enjoyed
this tutorial thanks so much for
watching and I'll see you next time bye